Update change-log.md (#99)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update August 4th, 2023

> - **Improved:** A large number of [Container Image](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/working-with/workloads/manage-containers/#create-a-container) versions no longer impairs the performance of the version selection component.

Author: we're preventing a huge degradation, if it's too many versions they all were loaded in the UI anyway and it became unresponsive

> - **Improved:** A large number of [Container Image](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/working-with/workloads/manage-containers/#create-a-container) versions no longer impairs the performance of the version selection component.

Reviewer: ok! 👍

> - **Improved:** A large number of [Container Image](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/working-with/workloads/manage-containers/#create-a-container) versions no longer impairs the performance of the version selection component.

Author: Here's the request: https://humanitec-support.slack.com/archives/G0159AYS7L1/p1682319601748939

> - **Fixed:** [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are now always visible in the UI

Author: that was my understanding, here's the source ticket: https://humanitec.atlassian.net/browse/WAL-6993

> - **Fixed:** [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are now always visible in the UI

Reviewer: Ah, this was a Score only issue I believe

> - **Fixed:** [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are now always visible in the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** The [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are now visible in the UI when creating a delta via the [score-humanitec CLI. ](https://github.com/score-spec/score-humanitec).
```

> - **Fixed:** The [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are no longer hidden in the UI when creating a delta via the [score-humanitec CLI. ](https://github.com/score-spec/score-humanitec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** The [CPU settings of a workload](https://developer.humanitec.com/platform-orchestrator/reference/workload-profiles/features/#container-resources) are no longer hidden in the UI when creating a delta via the [score-humanitec CLI](https://github.com/score-spec/score-humanitec).
```

  
- **Fixed:** Issue where DNS name was not visible in a workload opened with a direct URL.
  

> - **Fixed:** Issue where Git user name could not be reset to a blank string in a [terraform](https://developer.humanitec.com/drivers/built-in-drivers/generic-terraform/) resource definition.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Fixed:** Inputs can now be reset to a blank string in the [terraform driver](https://developer.humanitec.com/drivers/built-in-drivers/generic-terraform/) based resource definition. 
```

how about this one?

> - **Fixed:** Issue where Git user name could not be reset to a blank string in a [terraform](https://developer.humanitec.com/drivers/built-in-drivers/generic-terraform/) resource definition.

Reviewer: Sure, works too. Would just remove `the` i.e. `..blank string in [terraform driver](https://developer.humanitec.com/drivers/built-in-drivers/generic-terraform/) based resource definitions.`
